So let's just take a step back and think about where we are right now because this is pretty cool stuff.
You know we have learned a huge amount here so no one is talking about markets and how to identify markets
how to identify products within those markets that are going to sell.
And also the types of customers that are going to buy them through our customer avatar.
We are now put in place a process via Facebook where we can target those types of people and we can
bring them straight to our site in order they will buy them and not only that but we have a system in
place a basic powerful system in place that we can easily follow to ramp up ads that are working and
kill those that aren't.
So in short you now have all the knowledge you need to rinse and repeat.
Right.
You know basically all you got to do now is go out find them all products find markets if you want find
products in those markets.
Test customer Avatar's you know build new ads.
Go through that process.
Weve been through in the last 20 or lectures or so and just keep rinsing it you know go over and over
again and repeat repeat rinse rinse take the money from it each time and just keep going.
But you're going to learn show you going to make mistakes but you can to learn on the way and you're
going to start to make money and that you're going to start to realize how powerful this business model
actually is.
So go for it you know take it to the next level.
It's entirely up to you.
Now you know I'm giving you the wings.
Now you can fly.
So really really go for.
I wish you the best of luck.
Now clearly we're not done yet.
We got we got a lot to discuss and I've got a lot more stuff for you which is going to help you even
further.